Add Markdown formatting page (#64)
modrinth/docs: docs/tutorials/markdown.md

# Formatting

Modrinth allows the usage of [GitHub Flavourited Markdown](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax) for text fields such as your Project's Description or Version description.

> To help you understand what is and isn't available to use is this page here listing all currently supported Markdown features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the full GFM spec is too large to read comfortably and [GitHub's formatting guide](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax) contains features not included in GFM, this page serves as a quick reference for what types of formatting can be used on Modrinth.
```

## Basic formatting

| Markdown                    | Result                |
| --------------------------- | --------------------- |
| \*\*Bold\*\*                | **Bold**              |
| \*Italic\*                  | *Italic*              |
| \*\*\*Bold and Italic\*\*\* | ***Bold and italic*** |
| \~\~Strikethrough\~\~       | ~~Strikethrough~~     |

> ## Code Blocks

Reviewer: Headings should all be uncapitalised besides the first letter of the first word

Author: Changed

### Single-line Code Block

| Markdown      | Result      |
| ------------- | ----------- |
| \`Code here\` | `Code here` |

### Multi-line Code Block

:::note Markdown

\`\`\`  
Code here  
\`\`\`

```
Code here
```

> :::

Reviewer: Either pick admonitions or tables, don't use both.

Author: I changed all examples to be in Admonitions and also made the raw version to be in code blocks.

:::tip

> You can add a coding language (i.e. `java`) after the first three backticks to add code highlighting to the text inside the code block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add a language (e.g. `java`) after the first three backticks to add code highlighting to the code block.
```
